good afternoon, we are meeting you again
our video shootings on trial
radan rotator
z2000 radan then z2000 and for 1000 and z3000
fundamentally differ only twisting
turning moment meet motors
but the principle of constructive these turning
the ultros is absolutely the same now we
in order to make it easier to search
took with them a turning device
z2000 the purpose of this event is to hold
rotary test on
integrity of execution which has
significant value in practice
applying turning cult growth now we
turn on the rotator
I will water her imitate
rain
after that we will do another
an experiment that while I keep silence
let's go turn the swivel
device and begins to actively water
as you can see the rotator
rotates no problem place surrenders
order to the amount of water
spilled on the rotator
will see complemented by what figure i will
much
so active it all works
left
mothers.
arrange water bowl spit you loved
I work fine under the pouring
by the rain
so you can safely put this product
on the roof and not be afraid for what you have
there say and now we stop
shooting and prepare the gate device
for a new experiment
which are cooler than mount 54
I think we will move on to the experiment.
describe a4 or 68 is the immersion of the product
water to a depth of 1 meter
for a few seconds turning
the device should work here is interesting
what will come of it
bye see you in a few seconds
now we will do an experiment
immersing this rotator
fireplaces where the turning device in
a barrel of water as another of us
there is no reservoir, then we will take this barrel
swivel device
heavy and immerse now try
turn on
where do they take it clean
here andy is working underwater so
trials drunk from the 8th mouth on
the device withstood this very large
achievement of our company
as a form
holes pouring water while
PTZ device is working
look at the story and turned off here
showing perfectly on this our
experiments with our turning
device we finish waiting for you
the following frames are accuracy tests and
reference so far all on
acquisition swivel device
go to the site turn to turn to
point ru and w in turn to point ru
waiting for you bye